CODE OF CONDUCT

This code of conduct outlines our rules and expectations for everybody
participating in the the community around this project.

Mailing list and chat etiquette

We have a friendly and productive atmosphere on our mailing list,
development / code review tools and IRC chat rooms. Our principles
evolve around the following:

• It's not the user's fault if something goes wrong.
• Attempt collaboration before conflict.
• People who intentionally insult others (users, developers, other projects, or
the project itself) will be dealt with. Derogatory words against military and
big corporations might be justified though. See policy below.
• We are dealing with hardware with lots of undocumented pitfalls. It
is quite possible that you did everything right, but this particular software
or its tools still won’t work for you.

Refrain from insulting anyone or the group they belong to. Remember
that people might be sensitive to other things than you are.

Most of our community members are not native English speakers, thus
misunderstandings can (and do) happen. Always assume that others are
friendly and may have picked less-than-stellar wording by accident.

If you feel that you have been treated unfairly, we want to hear about
it so we can handle the situation. Please contact our arbitration team
directly: They will listen to you. If you don't get a response within
a few days, your mail was probably lost. Please resend your mail to
another member of the arbitration team in that case.

Unacceptable Behavior

Unacceptable behaviors include: intimidating, harassing, abusive,
discriminatory, derogatory or demeaning speech or actions by any
participant in our community online, at all related events and in
one-on-one communications carried out in the context of community
business.

Examples of behaviors we do not accept in our community:

• harmful or prejudicial verbal or written comments related to gender,
sexual orientation, race, religion, disability;
• inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual advances;
• deliberate intimidation, stalking or following;

Using this code of conduct aggressively against other people in the
community might also be harassment. These rules exist to be able to defend
against damage to the community, but everybody is overwhelmed with a million
things and nobody wants to waste time about enforcing rules that we should not
need if everyone would behave according to common sense. If weaponizing rules
is your game, please go play somewhere else.

Consequences of Unacceptable Behavior

Unacceptable behavior from any community member, including sponsors
and those with decision-making authority, will not be tolerated.

Anyone asked to stop unacceptable behavior is expected to comply
immediately.

If a community member engages in unacceptable behavior, the community
organizer(s) (ie, some of the developers or volunteers voluntarily assuming
that role)  may take any action they deem appropriate, up to and including a
temporary ban or permanent expulsion from the community without warning (and
without refund in the case of a paid event).  Community organizers can be part
of the arbitration team, or organizers of events and online communities.

If You Witness or Are Subject to Unacceptable Behavior

If you are subject to or witness unacceptable behavior, or have any
other concerns, please notify someone from the arbitration team
after taking a deep breath and asking your pituitary gland if what you
witnessed is indeed unacceptable behavior.

Addressing Grievances

If you feel you have been falsely or unfairly accused of violating
this Code of Conduct, you should notify the arbitration team with a
concise description of your grievance.

Scope

We expect all community participants (contributors, paid or otherwise;
sponsors; and other guests) to abide by this Code of Conduct in all
community venues—online and in-person—as well as in all one-on-one
communications pertaining to community business.

License and attribution

This Code of Conduct is distributed under a Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike license. It is based on
http://citizencodeofconduct.org/
